May 31, 2000
Erik Visnyak
https://archive.is/LpupE

Name: Erik Visnyak
Occupation: Student
GMP Duties: Actor, story consultant and creator
Favorite GMP Film: White Thugz
Favorite Real Film: American History X
Favorite Food: Gyros
Hobbies: Playing Bass guitar and Acting

Erik Visnyak has gone from a confused voice cracking 16-year-old bad actor to a superstar!
Well maybe not a superstar yet, but pretty darn close in the GMP land of make belive.
Erik and I met at Marcus where we got into discussing stupid things like death metal and zombie movies while cleaning the theaters.
In most cases, as I get to know people better they eventually get involved in acting for GMP.
Erik was a pretty typical example of this, he was in General Gore and was impressed with the results and wanted to be in more films.
He showed Gore to many of his friends and rounded up much interest in GMP.
He was very good at circulating tapes around Andrew High School and recruited new actors for both General Gore 2 and Chex Malone.
In fact legend has it that some tapes are still circualting even after Erik has graduated.
Erik was pretty much the one who convinced me to make white thugz and it was mainly his own idea.
He spent many o' weeks trying to convince me that Thugz could be a feature while I was more leaning towards the thugz being side characters in a larger film.
My main problem was that the story and the ideas both he and Patrick Chico kept telling me were funny, but had no real plot.
I was concerned that their shitck would get old.
However, I finally agreed to try and shoot it as a longer film and we discussed the plot elements.
While chico was against the initial "love interest" and "story" and wanted to settle for cheep gags about gay cops and phony drive bys, Erik and I knew we had to add more.
So, though white thugz isn't as depth filled as I'd like it was a pretty good flick and if it weren't for Erik's constant bugging me I probably wouldn't have ventured into a topic I knew nothing about - current hip hop wannabe's.
I probably would have made a movie about an ape vigilantee or something.
Erik Visnyak hopefully will be returning in the up and coming new GMP feature that will be shot over the summer....
