Dec 19, 2000
Filmography
https://archive.is/DH8Lr

ORANGES: THE MOVIE
an action/adventure/comedy starring an entire cast of talking oranges and other assorted fruits and vegetables- shot all in miniature locations and sets.
The story revolves around the mental deterioration of professor Charles Sunkyst and attmpts to destroy the orange government and civilzation by evil third parties.
Only Charles good friend Eggbert (seen in Oranges 4) and a group of college students can save professor from madness, a lynch mob, and an evil eggplant hellbent on revenge!

BLUNT JUSTICE
Space Midgets!
Aliens!
Evil Bounty Hunters!
and a 15 minute beating scene!
Blunt Justice has it all.
A sci-fi schlock space epic unmatched in modern cinema, Blunt Justice tells the story of a falsy accused space midget named Mooshoo (played by a 3 foot doll) who crash lands on earth after a space prison explodes.
He is being hunted by a type 6 Bounty Hunter known only as X-638, can he prove his innocence before he is vaporized?
Can he find out who framed him and why?
Can he take multiple blows to the head?
Find out this and more in this ultimate schlock epic that has been nomited best amature film of the year by the prestegious Rewind awards!

JESTER
What happens when a 700 year old Jester is released from his prison and needs a bride to populate the earth with demon spawn?
Well, a whole lot of fun!
Jester is one scarry movie starring Rich Evans as a demonic Jester that likes bad jokes and beating people with sterios.
Watch as this maniac slices and dices his way through a cast of sub-par actors and lamely writen scenes!

WHITE THUGZ (winner for Best Comedy in the Rewind Awards) 
hugz tells the tale of two rich kids living in the rich suburbs that think they are black gang members (come one we all know the type)
They duck from non-existant drive-bys and claim to know the hardships of "Thug Life".
However, when these two fools get involved with the real deal do we find out just how tough they are.
Starring Erik Visnyak , Patrick Chico, and Julie Mackowiak
1999 Running time 60 minutes

GENERAL GORE
The killings continue when General Gore returns to his home town to settle some personal family business, but those darn teenagers just keep getting in the way!
Can Mimskip Selfo stop Gore's evil quest before more people get killed?
Probably not, but watch and see!
1998 Running time: 70 minutes
Starring: Rich Evans and Ron Kosary

CHEX MALONE
Two lazy home invaders, a winning lottery ticket, and a robotic crime lord known as the "Whoremonger"
what else can be said about this GMP masterpiece of betrayl, violence, and the secret underworld of stupid criminals.
1998 Running time: 60 minutes
Starring: Rich Evans, Ron Kosary, and Erik Visnyak

Notable GMP Short Films:
The Grill
Corporal Carnage
Marcus Marty Halloween Madness
Puppetville
Atari Madness
Bleeg is Here!!
Oranges: Our Story
Oranges 2: Tales from the Grove
Oranges 3: Oranges in Space
Oranges 4: The Eggpire Strikes Back
Oranges 5
Oranges 6
Monkey Man Gets His
Rich Evans/Hit in the face with Styrofoam
Birtha The Cannibal
Waterlogged
Rich Evans has been cloned
The R.o.c.k Gun
Hydroskimmer
Jungle Rat Bill
Slow
Slow 2
Even Slower
Possessed Baby From Hell
Possessed Baby From Hell 2
Possessed Baby From Hell 3
Possessed Baby From Hell 4
Possessed Baby From Hell 5
Possessed Baby From Hell 6
Possessed Baby From Hell 7: Pool Party
PB 8: Pb goes to Heaven
Possessed Baby From Hell 9
PB Forever
PB Armageddeon 2000
Virtual PB
Possessed Baby From Hell 14: On Trial
Possessed Baby From Hell 15
Mr. Flipout
Panther Jackson
Deutschland ist fur mich
The Blank Show
Richard Edlung Saga
Steak Sauce with Marty McMullen
The Grasshopper Incident
Untitled
Battleman VS Satan
Marcus Movie Madness
The Baker
GMP Meets Blanc Screen Cinema
