Jul 11, 2001
Jason Santo's Transients
http://64.33.102.184/RVM/Camp.html (archive.is/te9ja)
https://www.iamsanto.com/transients (archive.is/gGBUV)
https://www.randomfoo.com/vault/041trans (archive.is/6hpJe)
https://www.bravadoent.com/collaborations (archive.ph/s2atg)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1OU9AFTPjJs (archive.is/yZNCe)
https://www.b-independent.com/news/july2002.htm (archive.is/U6e7J)
https://www.rewindvideo.com/RVM/Articles/Santo/Camp.html (archive.is/XA0x0)
https://www.orangecow.org/ghostbusted/transientspics1.html (archive.is/zO7FO)

Why am I here?
Boring.
That is what inhabitants of this planet would call this woman's thoughts.
She herself would say, "I'd rather see paint dry."
Watch paint dry.
"Watch" is the proper word.
She walks down this way every day.
The same path.
The sidewalk.
She likes it.
And here is that feeling.
Vanilla ice cream on a summer day.
Or gentle kisses on the back of her neck.
A hug from mama.
A letter from Eloise from France.
A painting by Renoit.
That is to like.
The walk is something she does every day.
But here is something she does not like.
maybe she is not so boring.
Maybe paint drying isn't as exciting.
Maybe this is the way of a human being.
Particularly the woman.
Their insides sway.
Their feelings change with the direction of the breeze.
This is sadness.
No.
Better identifier.
Loneliness.
The sidewalk will leader her home after work.
But night will be here.
And the world will be quiet.
Her apartment will be quiet.
Michael is gone.
And he's not going to come back this time.
Art is a reflection of emotion for humans.
It evokes feelings the way words can, but on a more primal level.
That is Maggie.
It is a good likeness, but a sad vision.
The music is aiding me.
It's like being in an elevator going up.
Human insides stay with gravity.
Here, the insides move not by gravity, but by music and art.
Music, art, and loss.
Maggie is gone.
She was only 30-years old.
It was completely unfair.
The pain is tremendous.
Why am I here.
Those fucking turds.
Why are they always pick on me.
Why am I always so weak.
Why is this happening to me.
Who.
Who is it that this boy runs from.
There are images of men in suits with outstretched arms.
Germans.
Nazis.
They're going to hurt him.
Make him cry like the dumb whiny Jew he is.
Johnny Devers, Todd Bayer, and Todd Mantz.
Even Tom.
They've killed millions like Douglas.
Dumped them into ditches naked.
Maybe if he lets them catch him just once, they will leave him alone.
Pain seems to be a constant.
Despite the capacity for emotions to elevate, their power to pull humans down is incalculable.
Why is this boy, Todd, faced with pain.
Why am I here.
He wonders this, too.
Why is he here?
He doesn't wanna hurt Douglas.
They were friends once.
When mom and dad were still together.
And he still lived on Acorn Street.
Instead of the projects.
He better get a move-on.
If he doesn't help, Johnny and Rick will do the same thing to him.
Mrs. Deakson's science class said all ants walk in a straight line.
That's about the only thing he ever heard her teach.
He has to stay in line.
No hesitation.
From the moment she saw him, she wanted this.
He kisses so passionately.
He means it.
Humans are not generally telepathic, but their emotions, oddly, can be read by each other.
Empathic.
She senses his genuine intent.
It's only our second date.
Am I a tramp.
I'm just taking a leap.
I could be scaring him off.
Again, a type of pain.
Fear.
Not like what little Douglas felt, but still painful.
Such pleasure, and always such pain.
He could love me.
She has been hurt by letter her hurt lead her mind around.
It would seem this entire race suffers from this problem.
He won't hurt her.
He's in love.
He's fallen hard.
His heart is beating so fast.
But he doesn't want to tell her about this love.
Why.
They find it easier to represent emotion physically.
A touch means more than something stated.
Especially touches like these.
He knows she can sense his feelings.
That excites him further.
Emotions can be just as deceiving as words.
But because of their empathy, humans trust emotional reactions more.
Fear of deceit is strong with sex.
So trust is required.
How odd.
The way the race procreates so often governs how we treat one another.
Why would that, too, be an emotional act?
I'm a hustler baby
I just want you to know
It ain't where I been
But where I'm about to go
Raisins make this man sing.
No.
Dates.
Dates make this man sing.
This language is so confusing.
Many words, sharing numerous, varied meanings.
This date refers to the trial between the sexes to test compatibility.
He got the hookup, he would say.
With Nina Benson.
A mad honey with great cans.
Breast.
Here is music again.
This song is a lift to the insides.
He is excited about Nina and her cans.
His pimp hand is strong.
This one knows how to live.
While he is capable of feeling pain, he chooses joy instead.
His all-emotion governed by environments.
It seems a human's definition of life is what happens to each being, and how they interpret it emotionally.
All the time, our fates are joined by people like you, Mick.
People who are certain that science has all the answers.
It's like Jim Macon's down at Rawley's Auto.
A sales pitch.
Even he, a man of the cloth, sees this as selling.
Even to his old friend Mick here.
Logic can't answer everything.
There are countless faiths humans turn to for answers to questions there are no answers to.
Why does this man not subscribe to a faith.
The church answers the unanswerable with, "It's just a matter of faith."
The root of faith is belief in the unknown, yeah.
He gives his heart and his life to this word of God.
A theoretical presence that is purely emotional by design.
This man does not shun his intellect, despite this.
Well, I have both.
Faith alone is the same.
Why am I here.
So many worlds have been visited.
So many with so much to offer.
None were so thoroughly unaware of our presence as humans, and none have so little to offer.
I'm always looking for proof.
If the first part was the sales pitch, here's where he closes the deal.
Having faith doesn't mean that you'll stop questioning things.
This one's perception of the universe is as close to being correct as his race can get, and yet he is longing for what his old buddy, Jack Esther, has.
Someone who's pulling the strings.
Someone who will be there for him when he's six feet under.
How do you say, "I don't care about proof, and just accept things for the way they are?"
He has the answers, but he longed, painfully, to understand faith.
Why did Jack get it, and not him?
He is jealous of Father Jack Esther.
Jealous because he cannot blindly believe in something that exists nowhere but in emotion.
Basis of faith.
Jealousy is prevalent in this race.
For material things.
Cars.
Houses.
For sexual partners.
Wives.
Husbands.
Girlfriends.
Bows.
And here is jealousy of not being able to allow one's heart to lead the way.
Why are humans so untrapped by these biochemical responses inside of them.
Why am I here.
Why am I here.
We have come to learn from a newly-discovered race, just as we always do.
What is there to learn.
Their only unique quality is that they are governed by chemical reactions, as opposed to empircal evidence.
Their emotions provides us no better understanding of the universe.
This is untrue.
Our race has been profoundly impacted by the human experience.
If anything, our contact with human emotion has opened up our understanding of the universe more than any other discovery ever made.
Some of us have decided to attach to our host permanently, to go on, experiencing the day-to-day emotions of being human.
Others have been killing off their host as a reaction to the capacity for violence this race has against itself.
We have all been impacted in some way or another.
I have not.
I am unchanged by human emotion.
While it is unique, it hardly qualifies as an important find.
You have not been impacted?
No.
I cannot understand why am I here.
Look at the question you are asking, if you need proof as to how you have been changed.
What question.
Why am I here.
Before we came to earth, we were as one.
A collective.
Emotion isn't the most unique aspect of a human being.
It is merely the result of something even more unique.
Their self-awareness.
Their individuality as beings.
Not as one being.
When you ask why you are here, you assume independence from the rest of us, you see.
To understand that you are an individual is to truly understand what it is to be human.
The necessity of emotions, then, become obvious.
Do you see.
Do you see.
I see.
I see.
