2005
I'm Gonna Make Wine Out of Your Testicles
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=S02pwn3owdg
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BDLWT9kA-78&t=32m50s

Rich Evans, the President of Space, sits in his office, waiting, contemplating, wondering what happened to his friends.
He wonders where his friends in the basement are.
The alien creature that spoke to him before.
I fucking hate you.
Rich.
Yes.
Hello.
It's me.
I'm back from space.
Mm-hmm.
Rich, my seven sons and the other alien creatures that live in the woods, and have to envy you, have decided to come together and purchase you a birthday gift.
Mm-hmm.
We bought you...a new car!
Is you like the car?
Uh, yeah,  it's, it's, it's wonderful.
I, I love it.
We got it for your birthday.
Okay.
Yeah, I, I've really been, been needing a car that's way too small, I mean, way too nice.
Planets!
You'll offend us if you don't take the car for a test drive.
We wanna see what you think of your new present.
We might have to go on another killing spree.
Do you remember Janet?
The one that you loved?
Do you remember what we did to her eyes?
An Audi, Rich.
Okay.
We're waiting.
I, I, I'm, I'm just, I'm admiring the, the paint job?
It's, it's, it's lovely.
Come on in, Rich.
I'm a construction worker, driving my old dump truck.
I've lost control!
What the fuck?!
This is bullshit.
This is total fucking bullshit.
Don't worry, Rich.
Don't worry.
I saw what happened.
It wasn't your fault.
I, that, that dump truck.
It just came out of nowhere.
You haven't been drinking today, right?
No, no.
Are you sure?
Just, just seven times this afternoon.
Well, the cops are gonna wanna do a blood alcohol test just to make sure that you weren't at fault.
But I think you'll be okay.
Don't worry, you'll be okay.
I, I wasn't in the car, so, so...
No, don't worry, Rich.
It, it was totally his fault.
He was driving like a maniac!
He just, just came out of nowhere.
He just swerved right into us.
I think he might've known, and just kinda crashed right into your car.
Yeah, I mean, your car was just parked right in the middle of the walkway there, and he just, just plows right into it.
Well, I think, I think at that point, it, it was technically your car.
Well, I, I, I don't think so.
I think it was, you're, you're the one who moved it out into the middle of the street, and...
But, see, we, I offered it to you as a birthday gift, and you accepted it, so according to state law, that means it's now your car, my total Irish speakage.
I, I, I don't think I ever accepted it, though.
It was just kind of offered.
But, when you were trying to get in it, that's, kind of implies that you wanted it.
But, I, I, I don't think I ever got in the car.
I think you did.
I mean, there's, there's a certain amount that you got in the car, uh, I dunno.
What amount?
Nine, ten percent.
Eleven?
Eh, it's closer to two.
It was more, like, like, two percent.
I got my toe in the car, and, that, kind of...
But you had the intention of getting into the car.
I don't think I could've gotten into the car, though.
Then why did you accept it as a gift?
I don't think I did accept it as a gift.
Did someone call for a Mini Cop?
You!
Mini Cop!
It's been a long time.
A real long time.
I saw the accident.
The dump truck driver was clearly at fault.
Bring it on!
I haven't seen you in ages!
I've been, I've been dying for this!
I'm gonna kick your fucking ass, you goddamn little Mini Cop!
When I get my fucking hands on you, I've been dreaming about this moment for ten years!
Ten years, goddammit!
I'm gonna, I'm gonna take your fucking neck, and I'm gonna wring it.
I'm gonna fucking twist your goddamn head off and I'm gonna shit down your fucking neck, you little piece of shit!
What the fuck are you coming back into my space for?
You know what's gonna happen to you?
It's not gonna be pretty.
I'm gonna take my fucking time on you, you motherfucker!
You're gonna tell me who nails your face, then I'll ram your face into that goddamn wall!
If Tom had fucking thrill, blue llight your goddamn temple!
Get you clear across the room after that, motherfucker!
Yeah, I promised myself, the next time I see you was, it's gonna be bad.
It's gonna be real bad.
It's gonna be a lot worse than it was before, you little frick!
Yeah, I'm gonna fucking kick your goddamn nose in!
I'm gonna fucking invert your eyes!
I'm gonna fucking grab your fingers off, one by one, and I'm gonna shove 'em up your goddamn little fucking nostril.
I'm gonna pick all your fucking hair out of your head, and I'm gonna fucking rub your face in it.
I am a different consturction worker flying a different truck!
Taking the basement truck.
Aughh!
Aughh!
