Jun 15, 2005
The United States of Noooo!!!
https://archive.is/OgI44 (.mp4)
https://archive.vn/vKkMS (twitter.com)
https://archive.vn/B2Pjf (facebook.com)
https://archive.is/PSOJ4 (facebook.com)
https://archive.is/xXCEX (themoviedb.org)
https://archive.is/BdjG1 (blip.tv)

No.
No.
No-o-o-o!
Oh.
I had a horrible nightmare that the entire Star Wars saga ended with Lord Vader awkwardly stumbling out of a contraption, and yelling, "Noooo!"
Oh, wait.
That really happened.
In the history of humanity, oftentimes a single word has meant so much: revolution, honor, welfare.
But oftentimes, a single word may have powerful meanings.
Love.
Hate.
And, of course...
"Noooo!!"
Karin Franklin?
Where's Rich Evans?
Where, where'd he go?
Well, can you have him call me on my cellular phone when he has a chance?
I have the greatest news.
I'm sorry, I can't hear you, what?
We're making a documentary film on "Noooo!!"
Yes.
All right, thanks Karin.
Bye.
The film is of Star Wars, The Empire Strikes Back, and Return of the Jedi.
Defied a generation.
Defined.
Well, now they defy a generation.
Little did...
The culmination of the entire idea of Star Wars was the transformation of Anakin Skywalker into Darth Vader.
Have you seen Star Wars: Episode III?
No, I haven't.
"No," you haven't?
In his first moments of life as the newly-created Sith Lord, Darth Vader, uh, he falls out of a comical contraption--
--and lumbers like a Frankenstein, and then says, "Noooo!!"
Millions of people across the country, and possibly the world -- maybe even the galaxy -- um, began vomiting instantaneously.
Not from nausea.
But from jocular reaction.
The muscles contracting so fast from the laughter.
Uh, no one found that funny.
"Is Padme okay?"
"Is she all right?"
"You killed her!"
"Nooooo!!"
Do you have any desire to see Star Wars: Episode III?
"Nooooo!!"
That's wonderful.
In this film, we will explore the deeper meaning of "Noooooo!!" and ask people how they felt about "Nooooo!!"
It's time to end the madness.
Vote No on Yes, and vote Yes on "Noooooo!!"
When George Lucas runs for public office, I'm voting "Noooo!!"
Accompany us on this adventure while we explore and dissect that scene in the film that ruined everything.
Not just Star Wars move, but every other type of movie ever made.
And here we go.
Now when I first saw Star Wars: Episode III - Revenge of the Sith in the theater with some friends of mine, um, one friend in particular began laughing hysterically.
I burst out into uncontrollable laughter, and I couldn't stop laughing. I was actually trying to stop laughing.
And he continued to muffle his consistent giggling throughout the rest of the film. We didn't even remember what happened. We were all...Obviously, it had a profound effect on all of us.
Why would George Lucas do that? The, the serious Darth Vader, the, the, the aura, the presence you need to keep, to keep that character working that, he thrives on that dark, tall...you can't have Darth Vader doing silly things. And we knew going in that he couldn't say the word Padme, and have it sound good. And then he said that. That was the first thing out of his mouth.
Where is Padme?
And then he, he starts ripping out of the chair. Certainly him ripping out of the chair was, was hysterical in itself.
Do you enjoy watching other people fail?
Who doesn't?
We ruined the experience for everyone in the theater, but no one else started laughing along, so we thought that maybe we're the only people that find Noooo!!! funny. And then something started circulating on the internet. I, I began to realize that there are an entire, uh, there's a whole, everyone thinks that's funny. We discovered a multitude of different Noooo!! things on the internet. We'd like to share some of those with you, um, so here we go. Ready, Johnny?  This is the site. Uh, I don't know what it is, but it's called YTMND.com. And usually the gimmick is that there'll be a little cut-out Vader head pasted on, on somewhere in the picture. Uh, here's a little Monty Python.  Oftentimes it'll be animated slightly. All right, well, we can't go through all of them, but just to let you know, um, this is one page, and there are a 136,000 pages. All right. We're leaving the confines of Apt. #8, heading out into the streets of Milwaukee to talk to the average citizens on Noooo!!! and how they feel about Noooo!!! Uh, it should be an interesting experience. Let's go.0 All right, here comes some nice young ladies here. 
Sorry.
Real quick question. Real quick question. Have you seen the third Star Wars film? Episo-, Revenge of the Sith film? Mother&*#@$! Sir! Oh, that person was in a car. I'm not too good at this sort of thing. What do you think about Noooo!!!?
About what?
Noooo!!!
What's "Noooo!!!"? What does that mean?
Noooo!!! Was there a part in the movie that stood out to you as particularly funny?
I believe it was when Darth Vader did the Noooo!!! That kinda just ruined the whole transition to Darth Vader for me.
God bless you, sir.
Cheap air is good. Really, my favorite, uh, movie is Harold and Maude.
What, what the hell is that?
You never seen Harold and Maude?! Oh, my god. Have you ever seen Harold and Maude?
Yeah.
Well, who's in Harold and Maude?
Um, that old lady that used to be with the Clint Eastwood thing...
Bea Arthur?
No, no, no no...
Clint Eastwood?
Do you want me to get up and hit you?
Absolutely not. Wait, that's bad. Action!
Where is Padme? Is she safe?
No. You killed her.
Nooooooo!!!!!
Is there a better way we can do this? Maybe say, like, we work for, uh, Ed Asner? He's dying soon, and wants to, to give you his money, but you have to answer this trivia question. Have you seen the new Star Wars film?
No.
Why not?
I, I, the whole Star Wars thing is so stupid.
No, I disagree. I think it's not stupid. I think it's very smart.
That's the science ficiton-type person, personality...
I think, in general, people who are into science fiction are, um, very progressive thinkers. But I think Gene, Gene Rodenbury did, and what other people do, is they take human nature, and they frame it in a way that's outside of the way we normally think about it...and the reason I love it so much, and I'm being serious, is that it takes the anthropological aspects of, of human nature...and it, it puts it in a different framework, so it can see...the absurdities, and, and the strengths that humans have.
I hated all the Star Wars movies. Every time I hear that dunnn! in the beginning--
You know, in order to hate something...
--I think, Oh, god, here it goes.
...you have to have some sort of, I mean, the opposite of love is indifference, and hate is not the opposite of love. It's fear.
Yeah, uh, I, we might be asking the wrong people.
I, I speak a little English. I speak Russian. I'm from Moscow. Yes.
Wow. Do you like Star Wars?
Yes.
Noooo!! Do you remember that part?
Yes.
That was--
I am glad to see you, I am glad to meet you.
Glad to meet you, too.
Yeah. Yes. Goodbye!
Goodbye. Supershadows.com: The Complete Revenge of the Sith Script as Written by George Lucas. What we're trying to find is exactly how many o's come after the N in Noooo!!!! at the end of the film.  How many Noooo!! o o's and exclamation points follow the end.  So, here we are. Uh, EXTERIOR SPACE, uh, is the beginning of the story. A long time ago, in a galaxy fat, fat away..... Actually, fat, fat away, isn't that the Kirstie Alley, uh, show? War! The Republic, uh, whatever. [sic] Upta. Oh, there's a character named [mumbling]. Uh, Obi-Wan rides on a giant lizard...uh, I'm bored.  If only I can scroll down to when the actual movie occurs. When Padame, and Ana-, and Obi-Wan start yammering on about nonsense, and you click on the little, the little scroller bar, cuz we all know the part we're looking forward to, it's what this film is being made about. Cuz there's no other way to get to the bottom of the screen, other than scrolling through it. Oh, Jar-Jar has appeared into the film. We all know about Jar Jar.  Jar Jar's first line is Hello, Annie. And there's an additional o at the end of hello. If that hello is one o, I can only imagine the end.  All right, ladies and gentlemen. We've made it to the end of the screenplay, and I found something shocking. A discovery that's, that will, quite frankly, shock most of you. Lord Vader, can you hear me? Yes, Master. Where is Padme? ...it seems in your anger, you killed her. Vader says, I couldn't have! She was alive! I felt her! She was alive! It's impossible! Now here it is, folks. Here it is. No!!! One o. There are three exclamation points, though, but only one o. Only one o...to me, I'm as shocked as opening a brand new box of Cheeri-o's, and pouring it out, and one o falls into the bowl. Imagine that. One o in a box of Cheeri-o's.  Oh, my god! Uh, what was your least favorite part about the movie.
The whole thing. Definitely.
Have you seen Star Wars: Episode III?
No. I heard it's terrible.
Uh, have you seen the latest Star Wars movie?
I have not.
No.
Have you seen Star Wars: Episode III?
No, I haven't seen any of those three that have now come out.
Have you guys seen the new Star Wars movie?
No.
Sorry, no.
Why not? Have you seen the new Star Wars film, the--
No.
You haven't? Have you seen the new Star Wars film?
No, I haven't.
Really? Wow. No one's seen it. Revenge of the d-...Sith? Return of the Sith? Land of the Siths? George A. Lucas' Land of the Sith.
I don't know. I, I went because somebody else wanted to go. I'm really not a Star Wars fan. I just kind of had to suffer through it. 
I don't think true Star Wars fans go to see those movies, actually.
Due to copyright law, and things of that nature, we weren't able to show you the actual scene, but, uh, we're recreating it as best we can.  Arise, Lord Vader. How do you feel, Lord Vader?
Where...is...Padame? Is she all right? Is she safe?
Um, I'm afraid in your anger, you killed her.
That can't be. I felt her. Noooooooooo!!
